Changelog by Sattva 19th May 2023 #5;
- Modify significantly the Faster Loot module. Based on my WeakAura https://wago.io/uGLs2fARD
- Make the right click on minimap button to reload UI.

Changelog by Sattva 4th April 2023 #4;
- Do not automatically repair if Shift Modifier Key is held down while targetting Repair NPC.
- New icon and code for minimap button, using Libraries, this fixes how minimap button is positioned by addons like ElvUI, PrettyMinimap and others. 
- Toggling minimap button doesn't require reload.
- Added Faster Loot module, which increases loot speed significantly.

Changelog by Sattva 3rd April 2023 #3;
- Quick fix to not automate Town NPC Gossip if there is an Available/Complete quest at NPC.

Changelog by Sattva 1st April 2023 #2;
- Added 2 separate Gossip skip modules (quests NPCs, Trainer Learning etc...)
- Added Alt Key to the Town NPC gossip automation module, to choose #2 gossip (usually talent reset at trainer)
- Added option to hide hit/heal indicators on both player and pet portrait frame.  

Changelog by Sattva 1st April 2023 #1;
- Addon is ready to release after backport.


	What i couldn't test:

		Release in Battlegrounds
		Accept Ressurect (and exclude combat res)
		Don't Confirm on Loot Rolls.
		Disable Chat Fade.
		Increase Chat History.
		Block System Spam
		Hide Interrupt messages
		Hide Special effects

	TODO List:

	Improve Quest Accept conditions (aka skip welcome window and block shared aka escort quests)
	Frame mover
	Square minimap
	Restore Chat Messages history after relog
	Hide keybind text
	Hide macro text
	Resize mail text
	Train All Button
	Ready Timer for RDF/BG
Copy chat links
Links to wowhead-wotlk in Quest Log for every quest.
	Remove transforms (Jack-o'-Lantern, Hallowed Wand, Witch, Turkey and Spraybot transformations? etc.)
	Flight Path timer
Import Quest / Vendor Bindings
Make Action Bar buttons full red if out of range (instead of blizzard text red only)
Auto-Spirit Res.
Allow some error texts like mining, herbing
Allow only one line of error text option
If player has tooltip hidden in combat, make an option to toggle tooltip if "Alt" key is hold.
Add more tweaks to Auction House extras module.
Need to add exceptions for automating the gossip. (But first need to find NPCs that need exceptions, or make user be able to add exceptions)
Make the config options for Faster Loot module. (disable sound, change sound, error filter, smaller error frame, faster fading - make all this optional)


